README.md, before:

Closure FX Builder
==================

Closure FX Builder is an open-source web development toolkit powered by [Google Closure Tools](https://developers.google.com/closure/) that allows you to minify, obfuscate and debug JavaScript code, dynamically build reusable HTML with Closure Templates and compile Google Stylesheets. 
 - Watch [Overview Video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7b80rp1jY9M) on [DigiArea YouTube Channel](http://www.youtube.com/DigiAreaInc).
 - Read more on [Closure FX Builder website](http://digi-area.com/ClosureFX/).

*Closure FX Builder is not affiliated with or sponsored by Google Inc.*

![Closure Compiler - Closure FX Builder](http://digi-area.com/images/closurefx/screens_compiler.png)

####For JavaScript Developers
 - Code Validation with dozens of checks
 - Automatic Dependency Management
 - Development Mode for faster coding
 - Code Minification and Optimization
 - Integration with popular JS Editors (WebStorm, Notepad++, Komodo Edit, Sublime Text, Emacs, jEdit).
 - Team Friendly to work smoothly in groups

####For Soy Templates Developers
 - Template Validation
 - Rich Compiling Tools

####For CSS Developers
 - Extensive compiling tools for Google Stylesheets

###Downloading

Go to the [Releases page](https://github.com/DigiArea/closurefx-builder/releases) and download the latest build.

###Installation and Running

Explore [Getting Started](http://digi-area.com/ClosureFX/getting-started.php) guide for installation instructions.

If you have any problems with installation or running, please explore [Known Issues](https://github.com/DigiArea/closurefx-builder/wiki/Known-Issues) page.

Still can not resolve your problem? Go to [Issues](https://github.com/DigiArea/closurefx-builder/issues) page and post a request.

###Usage

Closure FX Builder contains built-in documentation.
To use the documentation do the following:
 - Run Closure FX Builder
 - Go to About -> Help

You also can explore online [Closure FX Builder Documentation](http://digi-area.com/ClosureFX/guide/).

###License

Copyright 2013 DigiArea, Inc.

This software is licensed under the Apache V2 License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Add Closure FX Builder Logo

README.md, after:

Closure FX Builder
==================

![Closure FX Builder](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-9LcW4jwPA_M/UaB15ZMidnI/AAAAAAAABK8/a5uQ1ju3Gvg/w573-h131-no/ClosureFXLogo.png)

Closure FX Builder is an open-source web development toolkit powered by [Google Closure Tools](https://developers.google.com/closure/) that allows you to minify, obfuscate and debug JavaScript code, dynamically build reusable HTML with Closure Templates and compile Google Stylesheets. 
 - Watch [Overview Video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7b80rp1jY9M) on [DigiArea YouTube Channel](http://www.youtube.com/DigiAreaInc).
 - Read more on [Closure FX Builder website](http://digi-area.com/ClosureFX/).

*Closure FX Builder is not affiliated with or sponsored by Google Inc.*

![Closure Compiler - Closure FX Builder](http://digi-area.com/images/closurefx/screens_compiler.png)

####For JavaScript Developers
 - Code Validation with dozens of checks using Closure Compiler
 - Automatic Dependency Management with Closure Library
 - Development Mode for faster coding
 - Code Minification and Optimization
 - Integration with popular JS Editors (WebStorm, Notepad++, Komodo Edit, Sublime Text, Emacs, jEdit).
 - Team Friendly to work smoothly in groups

####For Soy Templates Developers
 - Template Validation
 - Rich Compiling Tools

####For CSS Developers
 - Extensive compiling tools for Google Stylesheets

###Downloading

Go to the [Releases page](https://github.com/DigiArea/closurefx-builder/releases) and download the latest build.

###Installation and Running

Explore [Getting Started](http://digi-area.com/ClosureFX/getting-started.php) guide for installation instructions.

If you have any problems with installation or running, please explore [Known Issues](https://github.com/DigiArea/closurefx-builder/wiki/Known-Issues) page.

Still can not resolve your problem? Go to [Issues](https://github.com/DigiArea/closurefx-builder/issues) page and post a request.

###Usage

Closure FX Builder contains built-in documentation.
To use the documentation do the following:
 - Run Closure FX Builder
 - Go to About -> Help

You also can explore online [Closure FX Builder Documentation](http://digi-area.com/ClosureFX/guide/).

###License

Copyright 2013 DigiArea, Inc.

This software is licensed under the Apache V2 License. See the LICENSE file for details.
